
== $Id$ ==

This is the source code for Annot, a tool to lookup annotations for
Objective Caml source code. The main purpose is to lookup the type
annotation for a given identifier in an OCaml source file from within an
editor.  Annot works by taking the line and column of the of identifier
and looking up the information in an annotations file produced by the
OCaml compiler:

    $ annot -type 57 5 main.annot
    string -> (in_channel -> 'a) -> 'a

The code above looks up the type annotation for an identifier in
main.ml, at line 57, column 5. The invocation of this command is
typically bound to a key in an editor rather than invoked explicitly in a
shell.

The OCaml compiler currently only generates type annotations; however,
in principle other annotations could be looked up as well.  For full
documentation, please refer to the manual page annot.pod.

INSTALLATION

Annot is implemented in Objective Caml. To compile it from source code,
try the following:

    ./configure --prefix=/usr/local
    make
    make install

The configure script tries to locate all necessary tools and generates a
file config.mk that is included by the main Makefile. If something goes
wrong, try running "./configure -v".

USING ANNOT FROM AN EDITOR

To use Annot from Vim, include the following code into your ~/.vimrc
file (also provided in editors/):

    function! OCamlType()
        let col  = col('.')
        let line = line('.')
        let file = expand("%:p:r")
        echo system("annot -n -type ".line." ".col." ".file.".annot")
    endfunction    
    map ,t :call OCamlType()<return>

The key combination ",t" (without quotes) looks up the type annotation
for the identifier under the cursor.


SOURCE CODE

The source code is a literate program for the NoWeb literate programming
tools and resides in the *.nw file in directory src/. However, you don't
need NoWeb to compile and install the Annot.  The configure detects when
NoWeb is installed otherwise uses Perl script tools/nofake to extract
the Objective Caml code code from the *.nw files.

If you have the NoWeb tool chain installs you can use make to produce
PDF files from *.nw files by executing "make main.pdf", for example.

COPYRIGHT

Please see the manual page annot.pod for the exact copyright. 

AUTHOR AND CONTACT

Christian Lindig
lindig@cs.uni-sb.de
http://www.cs.uni-sb.de/~lindig/





