#
#
#

=head1 NAME

annot -- lookup OCaml annotations

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<annot> [B<-n>] B<-type> I<line> I<column> [I<file.annot>]

B<annot> B<-dump> [I<file.annot>]

B<annot> B<-help>

B<annot> B<-version>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<Annot> looks up annotations for identifiers in an OCaml source file.
Such annotations are produced by ocaml(1) and stored in *.annot files,
wich is either read from standard input, or from I<file.annot>.
Currently, only the lookup of type annotations is supported. For lookup
of an annotation, the identifier's source code position as I<line> and
I<column> is passed to B<annot>. It is typically invoked from an editor
to lookup the type of an identifier under the cursor.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-type> I<line> I<column>

Lookup the type annotation for position I<line> and I<column> and emit
it to standard output.

=item B<-dump>

Dump the annotations read to stdout. This is mostly used for debugging.

=item B<-n>

Don't print a newline after emitting an annotation to standard output.
This is sometimes useful when showing the output inside an editor.


=item B<-h>

Emit short help message to stdout and exit with code 0.

=item B<-version>

Emit the version of B<annot> to stdout and exit with code 0.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Please send feedback, bug reports, and experience reports to the author:
Christian Lindig <lindig@cs.uni-sb.de>
L<http://www.st.cs.uni-sb.de/~lindig/>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2006 Christian Lindig <lindig@eecs.harvard.edu>. All
rights reserved.

Cflaws is implemented in Objective Caml L<http://caml.inria.fr> and uses
the CIL library which is copyright by George Necula
<necula@cs.berkeley.edu> et al. L<http://manju.cs.berkeley.edu/cil/>.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

=over

=item 1. 

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

=item 2. 

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
with the distribution.

=item 3.

The names of the contributors may not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission.


=back

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


=head1 VERSION

 $Id$

=head1 SEE ALSO 

ocaml(1), ocamlc(1)
